Documentation refactoring (#814)
vllm-project/guidellm: docs/getting-started/benchmark.md

After [starting a server](server.md), you're ready to run benchmarks to evaluate your LLM deployment's performance.

## CLI option format

> GuideLLM benchmark options use a **single-parameter** pattern. Each registry-backed option takes one configuration string with `kind=<type>` and other key=value pairs:

Reviewer: This seems like an AI written line.
```suggestion
GuideLLM's CLI is designed with options that are backed by registries. Each registry-backed option takes one configuration string with `kind=<type>` and other key=value pairs:
```

Author: Yeah, it kinda mangled that one!

Common options:

| Option          | Purpose                      | Example                                                          |
| --------------- | ---------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--backend`     | Server or in-process backend | `--backend kind=openai_http,target=http://localhost:8000`        |
| `--profile`     | Scheduling strategy          | `--profile kind=constant,rate=10`                                |
| `--constraint`  | Stop conditions (repeatable) | `--constraint kind=max_duration,seconds=60`                      |
| `--data`        | Dataset source (repeatable)  | `--data kind=synthetic_text,prompt_tokens=256,output_tokens=128` |
| `--tokenizer`   | Tokenizer for token counting | `--tokenizer kind=huggingface_auto,model=gpt2`                   |
| `--seed`        | Random seed                  | `--seed kind=static,value=42`                                    |
| `--output`      | Result files (repeatable)    | `--output kind=json,path=benchmarks.json`                        |
| `--data-loader` | Loading and sampling         | `--data-loader kind=pytorch,samples=1000`                        |

> 

Reviewer: This seems kinda duplicate with the "Key Parameters" section below.

Author: Huh ... glancing through it looked OK. Didn't realize it created this whole table all on its own -- and you're right, it's completely redundant. Stupid AI. (Stupid developer for trusting the AI too much ... 😦.)

| ----------------- | ----------- | ------- |
| `max_concurrency` | Number of concurrent request streams | `--profile throughput "max_concurrency=10"` |
| `rampup_duration` | Seconds to ramp up to maximum throughput | `--profile throughput "max_concurrency=10,rampup_duration=10"` |

#### Concurrent Profile

Runs a fixed number of parallel request streams.

```bash
guidellm run --profile concurrent "streams=10"
```

| Profile parameter | Description | Example |
| ----------------- | ----------- | ------- |
| `streams` | Concurrent streams to maintain; may be a list | `--profile concurrent "streams=10"` or `--profile concurrent "streams=16,32"` |
| `rampup_duration` | Seconds to spread initial requests | `--profile concurrent "streams=10,rampup_duration=10"` |
| `max_concurrency` | Maximum concurrent requests to schedule | `--profile concurrent "streams=10,max_concurrency=10"` |

#### Constant Profile

Sends asynchronous requests at a fixed rate per second.

(The profile names `async` and `constant` are aliases.)

```bash
guidellm run --profile constant "rate=16,32"
```

| Profile parameter | Description | Example |
| ----------------- | ----------- | ------- |

> | `rate` | Requests per second; may be a list | `--profile constant "rate=10"` or `--profile constant "rate=16,32"` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `rate` | Requests per second | `--profile constant "rate=10"` |
```

While we could give the JSON version probably better to remove since I don't think we are keeping support for rate lists.

Author: Granted it's less convenient in the CLI, but I don't see how it makes much sense to require `--override` syntax just to add multiple async or concurrent strategies. Why would we drop this?

However, yeah -- Cursor generated a lot of this syntax that won't work. I caught some of it, but clearly not all.

Also, what's kinda cute about your parser is that `--profile constant 'rate[0]=10,rate[1]=20'` works. 😁

Reviewer 2: > Granted it's less convenient in the CLI, but I don't see how it makes much sense to require `--override` syntax just to add multiple async or concurrent strategies. Why would we drop this?

Mostly because of constancy, if every other field requires an override I don't think it makes sense to have `rate` be the exception.

For example, to run a sweep with 10 strategies, 10 seconds of rampup, and a strategy type of `poisson`:

```bash
guidellm run --profile sweep "sweep_size=10,rampup_duration=10,strategy_type=poisson"
```

| Profile parameter | Description | Example |
| ----------------- | ----------- | ------- |
| `sweep_size` | Number of strategies in the sweep (including synchronous and throughput) | `--profile sweep "sweep_size=10"` |
| `rampup_duration` | Rate rampup duration in seconds for throughput and constant strategy steps | `--profile sweep "sweep_size=10,rampup_duration=10"` |
| `strategy_type` | Strategy type for interpolated steps (`constant` or `poisson`) | `--profile sweep "strategy_type=poisson"` |
| `max_concurrency` | Maximum concurrent requests to schedule | `--profile sweep "max_concurrency=10"` |

#### Replay Profile

Replays trace events using timestamps from a `trace_synthetic` dataset. See [Trace Replay Benchmarking](#trace-replay-benchmarking-beta) below for data setup.

```bash
guidellm run --profile replay "time_scale=1.0"
```

| Profile parameter | Description | Example |
| ----------------- | ----------- | ------- |

> | `time_scale` | Time scale for intervals between trace events (not requests per second) | `--profile replay "time_scale=2.0"` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `time_scale` | Time scale for intervals between trace events | `--profile replay "time_scale=2.0"` |
```
